next into the tank is a young man ready
to spend a weekend in vegas with his
boys
hi babe
i'm here today asking for one weekend in
vegas with my voice in exchange for two
date nights at your favorite restaurant
cheesecake factory imagine a nice
relaxing house to yourself i'm talking
relaxing bubble baths your favorite
shows and activities and even time to
yourself if you know what i mean
that's why supporting me to go on this
trip with my boys is also a win for you
so babe
is it cool if i go to vegas with the
homies next weekend nice job i'd like to
pass out some samples yum
[Music]
so good what's your favorite so tell me
a little bit about this did you come up
with this about two years ago uh it was
my best friend tyler's birthday everyone
went down to san diego to celebrate i
unfortunately had to decline the
invitation seeing as we had only been
together for three months at that point
i didn't want you to think that i was
just another douchebag ditching you for
the boys
um
sorry
it was a really hard time for me
watching the
instagram stories and social media posts
all my boys having fun without me
you know having been together for almost
two years now you and i were both
secure enough to understand the
importance of independence in this
relationship i mean i love the story i
really do i get it but what i can't wrap
my head around is this valuation i mean
a wild weekend in vegas is not a small
ask for any girlfriend
i'm flexible i'm looking for a strategic
partner i'm trying to make a deal
there's nothing proprietary about this i
mean what's stopping me from going to
vegas and doing the same thing with my
girlfriends
nothing
nothing so i can call up jessica right
now not jessica that's like your
skankies oh and tyler's not yours okay
yeah he's a boy but he's my friend okay
and that's where the trust comes in
you're gonna have to trust me if we want
to make a deal all right you know what
i like you
[Music]
i would hope so i'm your boyfriend i'm
gonna make you an offer
his girlfriend is still in but she's a
little concerned that tyler might be too
much of a [__] boy all right i'll give
you the weekend in vegas with your boys
for the two dinners at my favorite
restaurant but i mean those two dinners
barely get me out of bed in the morning
as it is i'm a premium girlfriend i'm
not just any girlfriend so what i want
is every major holiday spent with my
family for the next year after 12 months
that goes away and then i just want
thanksgiving in perpetuity with my
family
and you have to pretend to like my dad
oh come on already did no you actually
have to have a conversation with him you
can't just nod your head with a white
claw in your hand if i have to sit
through another thanksgiving rant about
how the earth is light i'm going to lose
it the guy's off his rocks that's what
i'm talking about it has to be fair for
me
okay
[Music]
you can counter
while i appreciate the offer
would you be willing
to do easter instead of thanksgiving
now
i'd like to step out and make a phone
call if that's all right sure but you
know this is the tank the offer might
not be here when you get back i
understand
what is there to think about
oh i didn't even think of that
yeah you know great call great call all
right let me call you back i'll hit you
back
[Music]
again i appreciate the offer um
what about that time you went to miami
with your girls
that was a bachelorette oh that wasn't
just a bunch of crazy girls getting
after it how'd that marriage work out
that is not the best i know the mature
thing i'm trying to make this work for
the both of us you didn't ask when you
went on that trip you just got up and
left do you see my problem okay okay
okay
i'll take away the thanksgiving in
perpetuity but you have to answer me
right now i'd like to make a counter one
more thing i'd like to say the swipe to
make one count okay what
i'll take that deal
if you also do that thing i like tonight
done
yes thank you good job i'm gonna call my
boys now i was so nervous when she
started bringing up her dad because she
always does that when she wants to win
the argument because she knows we don't
get along the royalty deal with the past
holidays i'm so glad we were able to
come to terms with that and uh
yeah i guess i gotta get packing i'm
going to vegas with the boys